c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\SQL DB Handler.exe.config
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\SQL DB Handler.exe
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\SQL DB Handler.pdb
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\Npgsql.pdb
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\SQL DB Handler.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\ConnectionDialog.g.cs
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\SQL DB Handler_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\SQL DB Handler_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\ConnectionDialog.baml
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\SQL DB Handler.g.resources
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\SQL_DB_Handler.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\SQL DB Handler.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\SQL DB Handler.exe
c:\users\kshitij.saxena\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SQL DB Handler\SQL DB Handler\obj\Debug\SQL DB Handler.pdb
